tiup: clarify the pd-ctl command usage (#5669) (#5678)
pingcap/docs: scale-tidb-using-tiup.md

>
> When adding a TiFlash node to an existing TiDB cluster, you need to note the following things:
>
<<<<<<< HEAD
> 1. Confirm that the current TiDB version supports using TiFlash. Otherwise, upgrade your TiDB cluster to v4.0 or later versions.

> > 2. Execute the `tiup ctl pd -u <pd-host>:<pd-port> config set enable-placement-rules true` command to enable the Placement Rules feature. Or execute the corresponding command in [pd-ctl](/pd-control.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 2. Execute the `tiup ctl:<cluster-version> pd -u http://<pd_ip>:<pd_port> config set enable-placement-rules true` command to enable the Placement Rules feature. Or execute the corresponding command in [pd-ctl](/pd-control.md).
```

> =======
> > 1. Confirm that the current TiDB version supports using TiFlash. Otherwise, upgrade your TiDB cluster to v5.0 or later versions.
> > 2. Execute the `tiup ctl:<cluster-version> pd -u http://<pd_ip>:<pd_port> config set enable-placement-rules true` command to enable the Placement Rules feature. Or execute the corresponding command in [pd-ctl](/pd-control.md).
> >>>>>>> a9bfa8312 (tiup: clarify the pd-ctl command usage (#5669))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
